Data is often validated against
schemas which defined data models.
Schemas are a very important
consideration when thinking about
time to market and how meaningful
the data collected will be.
The learning IoT platform currently is a
case of using unstructured data schemas.
If we look at github.com/aiden
Hyphen Parkinson forward slash
anonymous hyphen feedback,
we can note that the published
function is defined as a on a run
publication as a simple JavaScript
object notation language string.
This is a configuration that
can be easily changed and
adapted as the platform evolves.
It also takes little thought to
reach a minimum viable product.
Unstructured schemas allow for
rapid specification of data
models and are highly adaptable.
Alternatively, graph schemers are an
example of a much more complex data model
that requires more detailed planning.
These models require rigor
and are much less adaptable.
They are used for applications where
the meaning of data is a priority,
such as in advanced machine learning.
A graph data schema not only defines
relationships between data items,
but also allows for a description
of the nature of the relationship.
Best practice domain ontologies are
often defined using graph schemas
following semantic web standards.
If we look at
github.com/aidenhyphenparkinson/ontology
hyphen things.
We can see an example graph schema
for the learning IT platform.
The schema is written in Extensible
Markup Language and conforms to the
Web Ontology language standard.